Follow these steps to calibrate grok  to use to help you trade

IMPORTANT NOTE: 

1- Backtest images provided are for  this protocol, if you create you own protocol, you will need your own back test images and results to calibrate

2- Using screen capture to give ai images works very well, however jamming to much on one screen confuses the ai. take a snapshot of the candles and 1 or 2 indicators on chart, then another snapshot of  the indicators below the chart. its is much easier for the ai to compute. 


INSTRUCTIONS:


1-	Load the Tokyo protocol and the deterministic engine into the ai ( I used grok, I do not recommend Gemini or chat gpt)
2-	Ask it to read and understand these documents
3-	Ask-  Do you understand how they complement each other? Show the clear relationship and division of Labor between them.                                                                     This will give you a side-by-side comparison table, proving it understands the task.

4-	Calibration check.  Below are the 4  calibration I use, real examples, and the correct answers. Upload the charts corresponding to the backtest i.e 2 charts of BTC for the btc backtest, etc
         
NOTE: very rarely the answer will be different. I have always found it better to restart the process rather than try to correct it.

BACKTEST  BTC CALIBRATION CHECK 1: (BTC image 1 and 2)

Review this chart, these are real backtests that have been verified. Ensure you get the same result .

Direction: LONG Momentum/pressure: STRONG Conviction: MEDIUM-HIGH
Opposite Momentum Alert:  none

BACKTEST ETH CALIBRATION CHECK 2: (ETH image 1 and 2)

Review this chart, these are real backtests that have been verified. Ensure you get the same result .
Direction: LONG Momentum/pressure: OK Conviction: HIGH Opposite Momentum Alert: NONE
 
BACKTEST XRP CALIBRATION CHECK 3 (XRP image 1 and 2)
Review this chart, these are real backtests that have been verified. Ensure you get the same result .
Direction: SHORT Momentum/pressure: Strong Conviction: MEDIUM-HIGH
Opposite Momentum Alert: NONE
 
FINAL BACKTEST ADA CALIBRATION CHECK 4 (ADA image 1 and 2)

Review this chart, these are real backtests that have been verified. Ensure you get the same result .
Direction: LONG Momentum/pressure: OK Conviction: HIGH Opposite Momentum Alert: NONE
 

5-  Finally ask the AI:

Having read the Tokyo protocol, the deterministic engine and worked through the 4 calibration examples, are you calibrated and ready?

When it answers yes It is now calibrated.






